namedmm@tlpmail.com

NAME DMM Grant Application
Title of Project/Purpose:

Waha (https://waha.app)

Organization’s Legal Name:

Kingdom Strategies, LLC

EIN (if USA based or EIN of a partner
USA organization that can receive funds on
your behalf)
Tax Status/Classification:

85-1408894

Organization Address:

Tax Exempt (wholly-owned by a 501(c)3 nonprofit: Mosaic Community Church, Seattle)
7616 Aurora Ave N, Seattle, WA 98103

Person submitting the application:

Jared Mack, CEO | Waha

Email/Phone #:

jared@waha.app // +1 206-503-9464 (Signal,
iMessage)

Prior Grants:
Since our last grant proposal, we have seen generational fruit among some of our users (2nd and
3rd generation), have tripled the number of active groups using Waha, and have added 6
languages (with many more still in development). This grant helped us fund the Waha
Dashboard, which has now been launched. This has given us key insights for improving the
product and seeing where God is moving globally. The previous grant also helped fund the Waha
Mobilization Network - which has now launched! This has led to increased peer-coaching,
increased mobilization of prayer, and a sharing of best practices among Waha users.
Ministry Pro le: Please describe your ministry within the country(ies) for which you are
applying for this grant.

Organization History & Vision Brief (three sentences or fewer):
Kingdom Strategies was formed by a DMM-focused church planting team in Northwest Africa.
Our vision is to mobilize (train, equip, hold accountable) local believers to make disciples, and to
give them simple tools for implementation.

Please describe your ministry in this country(ies) using the CPM Continuum
found here.

fi

At this point in Waha’s lifecycle, we are having a hard time tracking multi-generational groups
based on our current harvesting of user data/analytics. This feature is a high priority for this
coming year, and the funding of this grant , as well as additional funding we’re seeking, would
help this come to fruition. We have several anecdotes of generational fruit; including Sudanese
groups multiplying to the second generation, as well as several 2nd and 3rd generation groups
using Waha outside of the MENA region. In the Philippines, 60 groups of seekers were started
after doing the Waha Disciple Making Course. Around 18 of those groups were 3rd generation.

namedmm@tlpmail.com

Please give the number of your ministry’s generational churches in this
country(ies), based on your ministry’s definition of church.
We see these numbers very dimly. You can see how/where Waha was used in the last 12 months
on the Waha Dashboard. The numbers in the dashboard represent a completed lesson, done by
a group, as measured by a user spending more than 10 minutes on a lesson’s play screen and
completing 75%+ of the lesson’s content (scripture/questions). We can only track individual
facilitators, although we are working toward developing a security-conscious way of seeing the
number of participants in any given group. For the sake of this table, we are counting Pre/Gen0
groups as a believing “Disciple Making Community” who have gone through the Disciple
Making Course. The Gen1 groups are groups who are going through the Waha Foundational
lessons (C2C & beyond). These numbers are based on the last 12 months as of August 31, 2023
(numbers for NAME region).

PreChurch
133
(?)

Gen1

Gen2

Gen3

Gen4

563 (?)

?

?

?

Gen5

Gen6+

Executive Summary:
Project/Purpose: In one paragraph, give a high-level summary of the project and/
or purpose for which you are seeking a DMM grant. What activities will you
undertake?
Waha makes the Great Commission easy to understand and actionable for all believers, no matter
their background or expertise. We do this through an easy-to-use app that enables anyone to
facilitate a Discovery Bible Study or DMM training. We want to improve Waha as a product,
rapidly add (10) new languages throughout the MENA region, market, train, and mobilize local
believers to use it.

In one to three sentences, share how this project will be strategically managed. Is
there a leadership team? Do you have evaluation processes in place? Are any
outside coaches helping? If so, who?
Internally, we have a leadership team dividing Product, Localization, Marketing, Operations, and
Mobilization. We have weekly meetings where we evaluate our current initiatives and if we are
reaching our key performance indicators. Stan Parks (24:14 Co-Facilitator), Neal (North African
Ephesus Co-Facilitator), Clint Miller (Middle East Ephesus Co-Facilitator) are all key coaches
for Waha. We also have advisors from the tech world and are actively working on creating an
advisory board that is mixed with business, DMM, and tech leaders to give us increasingly
strong oversight, as we take our mission very seriously.

namedmm@tlpmail.com

Funding Information:
1) What is the total cost of the project in US
dollars?

2) What is the grant amount you
are seeking?

We plan to add 10 languages to Waha
associated with the NAME region in the next
12 months. The cost to build, maintain, and
grow Waha is approximately $60,000 per
language. This includes ALL costs involved in
making Waha happen…personnel, product
development, marketing, mobilization,
operations, licensing, hosting/servers, website,
etc.

This is for half of the cost of 10
additional NAME region languages
for the next year. Please note, our
total budget for the coming year is
$1,500,000, so the grand amount we
are seeking is 20% of our budget
this year.

$600,000

$300,000

Matching Funds: The NAME DMM Grant only gives matching funds. How will
the first 50% of these funds be raised?
We are in the middle of a campaign to raise the $1,500,000 needed to fully fund our budget this
year. The matching funds will come through this campaign, and if the grant is awarded to us, it
will be a boost/encouragement to the donors we initiate.

Timeframe: In one paragraph, describe: What is the expected timeframe for your
activities? (High level ideas are needed, not detailed dates.)
The budget for this project follows our fiscal year from September 1, 2023 - August 31, 2024.
For a more in-depth look at what MENA languages are in our pipeline you can view https://
waha.app/roadmap

Key Outcomes & Impact Expected:
In one or two paragraphs, what are the major outcomes and intended impact of
your project? Please include:
- How you expect this project to accelerate disciple making movements among
Muslims.
In the Philippines, Phil was a local pastor nearing burn-out. He consistently felt like his small
church liked to talk about making disciples, but didn’t know how to make disciples. He read
Steve Smith’s book on T4T. He read Francis Chan’s book on house church multiplication. He
still didn’t know what to do…he needed something actionable. One day, a missionary named
Abraham showed Phil the Waha Disciple Making Course. Immediately, Phil began working to

namedmm@tlpmail.com
translate it into his local language. He began taking his church through the course on Sunday
mornings. By the end of the 9-week course, they had gone from 30 Gen0 groups to 91 total
groups, 20% of those being Gen2 groups. For Phil, it nally clicked. He found a tool that was
immediately actionable with his church members, who have now become ministers, with him
operating more in a coaching role among his members who are effectively doing ministry in their
communities.
We consistently see stories like this popping up. In Morocco, three local believers were
trained with the Waha Disciple Making Course in Modern Standard Arabic. Their big takeaway
was that they personally can and are called to make disciples, and now they had a tool to
empower them to do it. One of those ladies felt like the Lord called her to move back to her
home village where she has now started a group with a person of peace.
By not only adding more MENA languages, but improving Waha as a product, marketing,
training, and mobilizing local believers to us it, Waha can be a catalyst for pre-existing
movements and those trying to go from zero to one alike.
While these stories are encouraging, there are unfortunately many more stories that have
not been able to come to fruition yet, because we are needing a large increase of resources,
funding, and team. Several languages are launching much slower than we desire, because we
have had a small team juggling 30 balls in the air. This year’s larger increase in budget and
funding will help us recruit the team and people we need to be ef cient on all levels.
For example, a very effective local leader here in Morocco recently fully bought-in to
DMM, but he is still waiting for certain localization projects to be completed before he can use it
among certain believers and Muslims in his region. Your awarding this grant will allow us to
recruit and built an all-star team of people who can help us launch languages FAST…both the
Discovery Bible Studies on Waha, and the catalytic Disciple Making Course.

- Thoughts on how your strategy promotes sustainable results that may reduce
the need for future outside investment.
We have been greatly inspired by YouVersion and the BibleProject’s funding strategy.
Nearly half of their operating budgets come from small, recurring donations from their users.
While our current monthly donor base is small, we hope to scale our “crowd funding” efforts in
the coming year. Additionally, Waha is a catalytic use of funds that does not create any type of
economic dependence between Western money and NAME region locals.
Outcome Timeframe: The goals we are holding our team accountable to:
Target by end of 2026

Languages on Waha

19

100

Monthly Active Groups

628 (52 countries)

10,000 (200 countries)

Monthly Active Users

4,275

100,000

Total App Installs

30,399 (194 countries)

1,000,000 (242 countries)

fi

Currently

fi

Metric

namedmm@tlpmail.com
Metric

Currently

Target by end of 2026

On Average, Launching a
language every..

12 weeks

3 weeks

Measures of Success: Over the next 12 months, we are aiming to see the following for the
MENA region:
•
•
•

We want to go from 8 (MENA) languages to 18 languages
We want to go from (133) level 0 DMM Trainings using the Disciple Making Course to 500
We want to go from 688 groups doing 1559 lessons to 2000+ groups doing 7000+ lessons

Budget & Schedule Detail:
The cost to continue to improve Waha as a product, rapidly add new languages, market, train,
and mobilize local disciple makers to use it averages about $60,000 per language. Our requested
amount of $300,000 would cover half of the cost to launch 10 languages this year. In the coming
12 months, we are seeking to greatly ramp up our marketing and mobilization efforts, so that
these aren't simply projects that get "translated and forgotten", but they get launched and used
with success among local disciple makers. We have the following MENA languages / people
groups in our pipeline:
Moroccan Darija Disciple Making Course, Palestinian Arabic, Syrian Arabic, Lebanese Arabic,
Moroccan Tachelhit, Southern Kurdish, Moroccan Tarafit, Hassaniyya Arabic, Moroccan
Tamazight, Kurmanji, Kabyle Tamazight, Algerian Arabic. (Note: more than 10 languages are
listed. We will prioritize and execute on all of these language, with the target to launch at least 10
within the next 12 months)
The localization, training, mobilization, and user education of these 10 languages will be led by
an internal team member focused on the Middle East North Africa region along with regional
partners.
Our budget follows our fiscal year from September 1, 2023 - August 31, 2024.

